multi: Add Dash backend. (#1)
bisoncraft/go-electrum-client: client/dash/test_harness/README.md

# BTC ElectrumX RegTest Simnet Harness

Goele test harness for ElectrumX running on regtest simnet over a single Bitcoin node.

## Usage

> 1. Start the __src_harness.sh__ script as `source src_harness.sh` to pullin the PATH to your bitcoin binary installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Start the __src_harness.sh__ script as `source src_harness.sh` to pull in the PATH to your bitcoin binary installation.
```

Author: Updated for Btc, Dash, Firo
